Chore(experiment): Adds AWS ECS experiment docs (#25)
chaosnative/developer-hub-cn: docs/chaos-engineering/chaos-faults/aws/ecs-agent-stop.md

        <tr>
          <td> REGION </td>
          <td> The AWS region name of the target ECS cluster</td>
          <td> Eg: <code>us-east-2</code></td>
        </tr>
    </table>
    <h2>Optional Fields</h2>
    <table>
      <tr>
        <th> Variables </th>
        <th> Description </th>
        <th> Notes </th>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td> TOTAL_CHAOS_DURATION </td>
        <td> The total time duration for chaos insertion (sec) </td>
        <td> Defaults to 30s </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td> CHAOS_INTERVAL </td>
        <td> The interval (in sec) between successive instance termination.</td>
        <td> Defaults to 30s </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td> AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE </td>
        <td> Provide the path for aws secret credentials</td>
        <td> Defaults to <code>/tmp/cloud_config.yml</code> </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td> SEQUENCE </td>
        <td> It defines sequence of chaos execution for multiple instance</td>
        <td> Default value: parallel. Supported: serial, parallel </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td> RAMP_TIME </td>
        <td> Period to wait before and after injection of chaos in sec </td>

>         <td> </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td> Eg. 30 </td>
```

---
id: ecs-agent-stop
title: ECS Agent Stop
---

## Introduction

- ECS Agent Stop contains chaos to disrupt the state of infra resources. The experiment can induce an agent stop chaos on AWS ECS using Amazon SSM Run Command, this is carried out by using SSM Docs which is in-built in the experiment for the give chaos scenario.

- It causes agent container stop on ECS with a given `CLUSTER_NAME` using an SSM docs for a certain chaos duration.

:::tip Fault execution flow chart
![ECS Agent Stop](./static/images/ecs-agent-stop.png)
:::

## Uses

<details>
<summary>View the uses of the experiment</summary>
<div>

> Agent chaos stop is another very common and frequent scenario we find with ECS clusters that can result in breaking of agent that manages task container on ECS cluster and impact its delivery. Such scenarios that can still occur despite whatever availability aids docker provides.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Agent chaos stop is another very common and frequent scenario we find with ECS clusters that can break an agent that manages the task container on the ECS cluster and impacts their delivery. Such scenarios can still occur despite whatever availability aids docker provides.
```

- Ensure to create a Kubernetes secret having the AWS access configuration(key) in the `CHAOS_NAMESPACE`. A sample secret file looks like:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: cloud-secret
type: Opaque
stringData:
  cloud_config.yml: |-
    # Add the cloud AWS credentials respectively
    [default]
    aws_access_key_id = XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
    aws_secret_access_key = XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
```

- If you change the secret key name (from `cloud_config.yml`) please also update the `AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE` ENV value on `experiment.yaml`with the same name.

## Default Validations

:::info

- ECS container instance should be in healthy state.

:::

## Experiment tunables

<details>
    <summary>Check the Experiment Tunables</summary>
    <h2>Mandatory Fields</h2>
    <table>
        <tr>
        <th> Variables </th>
        <th> Description </th>

>         <th> Notes </th>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            <th> Variables </th>
            <th> Description </th>
            <th> Notes </th>
```
Can we add indentations in HTML code

        </tr>
        <tr> 
        <td> CLUSTER_NAME </td>
        <td> Name of the target ECS cluster</td>

>         <td>  </td>

Reviewer 2: We can add an example in the notes section (or default value) to maintain consistency in docs.

        <td> Defaults to 30s </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td> CHAOS_INTERVAL </td>
        <td> The interval (in sec) between successive instance termination.</td>
        <td> Defaults to 30s </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td> AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE </td>
        <td> Provide the path for aws secret credentials</td>
        <td> Defaults to <code>/tmp/cloud_config.yml</code> </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td> DOCUMENT_NAME </td>
        <td> Provide the name of addded ssm docs (if not using the in-build docs)</td>
        <td> Default to Litmus-AWS-SSM-Docs-For-CPU-Hog</td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td> DOCUMENT_FORMAT </td>
        <td> Provide the format of the ssm docs. It can be YAML or JSON</td>
        <td> Defaults to <code>YAML</code> </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td> DOCUMENT_TYPE </td>
        <td> Provide the document type of added ssm docs (if not using the default docs)</td>
        <td> Defaults to <code>Command</code> </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td> DOCUMENT_PATH </td>
        <td> Provide the document path if added using configmaps</td>
        <td> Defaults to Litmus-AWS-SSM-Docs-For-CPU-Hog.yml </td>

>       </tr>

Reviewer 3: as suggested by @avaakash "We can remove these as the default document will be used for these experiments, if the user wants to use a custom document they can use the SSM Command experiment ( as discussed recently)"

      <tr> 
        <td> INSTALL_DEPENDENCIES </td>
        <td> Select to install dependencies used to run the cpu chaos. It can be either True or False</td>
        <td> Defaults to True </td>

>       </tr>

Reviewer 3: as suggested by @avaakash "We can remove these as the default document will be used for these experiments, if the user wants to use a custom document they can use the SSM Command experiment ( as discussed recently)"

Reviewer 3: check other places too
